update AWS credential setup docs, consolidate cloud auth docs (#5122)
skypilot-org/skypilot: docs/source/cloud-setup/cloud-permissions/index.rst

.. _cloud-auth:

> Cloud Accounts and Permissions

Reviewer: Another idea: "Cloud Identities and Permissions". No strong preference.

==============================

> Individual clouds may have unique advanced configuration options. These are optional and mostly targeted at cloud admins. **For most users, SkyPilot should work out of the box** with the permissions you have configured locally during :ref:`installation <cloud-account-setup>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some providers in SkyPilot may offer identity and permission-related configuration options. These are **optional** and mostly targeted at cloud admins. **For most users, SkyPilot should work out of the box** with the permissions you have configured locally during :ref:`installation <cloud-account-setup>`.
```
